Hello and welcome to this lecture.
And in this lecture we will learn what exactly this is and why do you use it.
So until now we have learned a few things about each year and each year as we all know is used to define
the structure of your web page that is lay out elements on your web page.
But if you want to make your web page look more attractive if you want to enhance the look and feel
of the elements present on your web page then that's where this actually comes into picture.
So CS's actually stands for a cascading style sheet.
So it's basically a file which has all the styling related to your web page.
So what redo is that instead of mixing the styling off particular web page inside the HGA.
We actually separate the structure and styling from each other.
So your HMO document is actually going to have the code that is the structure of your web page whereas
the cascading style sheet is going to hold all the code which is responsible for styling up your HDMI
element.
So in that we have two different entities which are much more easier to manage.
So obviously using scissors is a huge advantage and also siestas has certain attributes and properties
which can be used to better style and HDMI element.
So as it is it's actually a language which describes the style of an age old document.
So why exactly do we use CSSA.
So the first and foremost reason is that it provides an enhanced user experience.
So if you are just using H-G for styling you won't be able to style that Web site in much more Bedol
way or in a decent way and your web site is still going to look like those sites from the 90s.
And obviously if you have those sites in 2018 then your users are not going to get the kind of experience
they expect from using your web site.
And so it's extremely important that you use Yesus to enhance your user experience and CIRCE's allows
you to do just that.
It makes your website look much more professional so seasons has a ton of properties which can be used
to make your website look much more professional as opposed to each year which only has the capability
to manage the structure of your speech.
So if you have to make your website look much more professional and much more nuance and much more user
friendly than see is this is the only way to go.
Actually makes your website look much more trustworthy.
So if you are having a Dewani graphics or nice design on your website that's actually going to help
increase the trustworthiness of your web site.
So let's assume if you are developing some e-commerce Web site.
And if your Web site is completely new the people are not aware of it.
And if your website looks data then people actually don't trust your website as much.
So if your Web site has a good experience if it looks professional it is also going to make it look
trustworthy and hence people are going to shop more from your website.
So this is why companies are spending thousands of dollars on web design specifically in order to make
their website look much more appealing to the user so that the user not only spends more time on their
web site but also develop a trust in their site and eventually buys from them.
So these are few and one does up using success and this is why I see this should be used.
Now let's actually go ahead and take a sample scenario so as to understand why I see this should be
used in terms of practicality.
So let's say you have 4 HDMI files and let's say these represent the four different web pages which
are present on your complete Web site.
And let's say all of them actually have a share button which looks something like this.
So you have designed the share button and the styling of those buttons is actually encoded in your HGA.
So you actually have to code that button every single time and every single HDMI piece.
So what this allows you to do is that's uses allow you to basically control the styling of all the full
pages inside a single file so you only have to define the styling of that button once inside he says.
And you can refer to that styling inside each one of those each Steimle files.
So now what happens is that let's say if your boss is unhappy with the button design and he wants you
to make a slight change that particular button.
So what you could simply do here is that you could simply open up your CIRCE's file make a single change
in your button and that change is going to be reflected on all of the 4 HDMI pages.
So this is the beauty of success and if you are not using C then what would have happened is that you
would have go to each and every single Each team will file find the button change the button code for
each one of those single least hemol files.
Now imagine like if you have a thousand web pages you hardcoded the button inside those thousands of
Beacham old files you would have to manually go through all of those Shamal files and change the styling
of each button.
And that's going to be quite inconvenient.
So CS's actually makes your job easier by having one point of control for the design and that's the
reason why Actually you separate the designing part from the structure of your webpage.
So that's it for this lecture.
Hopefully you guys be able to understand what exactly is.
So let's recap one more time.
C S is actually stands for cascading style sheet.
It's basically a file which contains C as a score which allows you to style your HGA malware paste.
The reason why we use this is that it basically provides a user experience which makes your web site
look more professional and trustworthy.
So in the next lecture we will go ahead and learn how exactly can we get to see his file and use it
to style our HMO web page.
So thank you very much for watching and I'll see you guys next time.
Thank you.